Hi, My name is WhatBot and I was created by Team Parkwood as a slack based standup management bot.
I help fix these problems in a team using sprint. Daily standups for a big team take up a lot of time. If anybody is absent, or late, tracking it becomes another issue.
All of these tasks are solved by me.
I'm based on these technologies.
My world is Amazon Web services, and body is made of node js.
Google sheets is my storage, Gmail and Slack are my communication channels.
Let me start with a simple demo of how I conduct standup with a participant, I'll prompt you at the session start time, and you can choose to start, snooze for 15 minutes, or ignore for the day.
If you start, I'll present you the standup questions one by one and record your answer.
At the end of the standup, I'll give you a choice to redo that standup if you feel so.
At the time of the day's standup end, I'll report all the standups on the provided channel or email, whichever is pre-chosen.
Let me show you how to configure a standup.
First you have to be an authenticated user with Google A p i access, to authenticate type auth in the direct message, authenticate yourself on the given link and copy the given code back in slack. To configure a new standup, type setup in either direct message or a mention to whatbot, and enter the details, daily start time, end time, space separated list of participants, either individual names or all names from a channel. After that, standup questions separated by a new line, and ending with the keyword done. Finally, enter the reporting medium, email to all participants and creator, or a specific slack channel.
Using show, you can show standup configuration, and using modify you can modify it. Typing modify gives a choice of configuration to change. Click on the one which you want to change and type in a new value. The report will be sent to the selected channel at standup end time, for the participants who have completed the standup.

That were the features of whatbot. Thank your for your patience. Hope you enjoyed it.